This is our first meeting, isn't it?
Muzan Kibutsuji.
What a hideous look you have,
Ubuyashiki.
(The Last Episode: Hashiras, Assemble)
Finally, you have come to me.
And now, you are standing before me,
Muzan Kibutsuji.
The demon that my family,
the Demon Slayer Corps...
...has been pursuing for
a thousand years.
Amane, what does he look like?
He appears to be a man in
his mid to late twenties.
However, his eyes are
a deep plum color,
and his pupils are elongated
like a cat's.
Is that so?
Right, I knew you would come.
Because I was certain you must be terribly
angry at me, at the Ubuyashiki family.
I knew you would come
to kill me personally.
I'm utterly disappointed, Ubuyashiki.
Without knowing its place,
the head of a family that has interfered
with me for a thousand years
now is in such a pitiful state.
Disgraceful.
Absolutely disgraceful.
You already reek of death, Ubuyashiki.
I suppose you are right.
A half year ago, a doctor told me
that I would die within a few days.
And yet, I am still alive.
Even that doctor was at a loss for words.
It is purely because of my unwavering
determination to defeat you...
Muzan.
That fleeting dream of yours
ends tonight.
I'm going to kill you now.
You might not know this,
but you and I share the same bloodline.
However, since you were born
over a thousand years ago,
so we are no longer closely related.
I feel nothing after hearing that.
What are you trying to say?
Because the family gave birth to
a monster like you,
my family was cursed.
Every child born into my family
was frail and died young.
When my family was
on the brink of extinction,
we received advice from a priest.
He said that our bloodline
gave birth to a demon.
He advised us to dedicate ourselves
to defeating that being.
If we did so, our family would survive.
For generations, we began to take
wives from families of priests,
and our children became
less likely to die early.
But even so, no one in my family
has lived beyond thirty years.
Your nonsense has reached its peak.
It makes me want to vomit.
Has your illness spread to your brain?
There's no causal connection
between those events.
You know what?
I haven't faced any divine retribution.
Despite killing hundreds, even thousands
of people, I remain unpunished.
Over these thousand years,
I have never seen any God or Buddha.
Is that how you perceive things?
But I have my own way of thinking.
Muzan, what is your dream?
For the last thousand years,
what kind of dreams
have you been dreaming?
It's a strange feeling.
Even with the very source of the Demon
Slayer Corps' nuisance right before me,
I don't feel hatred.
On the contrary...
This strange sense of nostalgia
and feeling of relief...
It's disgusting.
There are only four people
in this mansion.
Ubuyashiki, his wife,
and his two children.
No guards, nothing.
Shall I guess, Muzan?
I know what is on your mind.
You are dreaming of eternity.
You are dreaming of immortality.
That's right.
And that dream will soon come true,
once I acquire Nezuko.
Your dream will not come true, Muzan.
You seem quite confident
in hiding Nezuko.
However, unlike you,
I have all the time in the world.
You are mistaken.
What?
I know what eternity truly is.
Eternity is the feelings of people.
It is the feelings of people
that are eternal...
...and immortal.
Ridiculous.
I'm sick of your nonsense.
For a thousand years,
the Demon Slayer Corps
has never disappeared.
Countless unfortunate children have died,
but they have never ceased to exist.
That fact alone proves that...
...the feelings of people,
which you call ridiculous, are immortal.
The feeling of not forgiving those...
...who have taken the lives of
loved ones unjustly...
...is eternal.
No one has ever forgiven you.
Not even once in these thousand years.
Let me tell you, Muzan.
You have stepped on the tiger's tail and
provoked the dragon's wrath countless times.
You awakened them that should
have remained dormant.
They are always watching you,
and determined never to let you escape.
Even if you kill me, the Demon Slayer
Corps will remain unfazed.
I myself am not that important.
You can never understand
the feelings and the bonds of people.
Muzan.
Because you...
All of you demons...
If you die, all the demons will perish,
won't they?
The air just wavered.
Did I hit the mark?
Shut up.
Okay, very well.
I have said what I wanted to say
to you for so long.
But may I say one last thing?
Although I said I am not that important,
my death will not be meaningless.
I am fortunate to be respected
by the Demon Slayer Corps,
especially, the Hashiras
who are fond of me.
In other words, my death will only bolster
their morale even more than before.
Are you done talking?
Yes.
To be honest, I never expected you
to listen this long.
Thank you, Muzan.
Emergency summons!
An attack on Ubuyashiki residence!
Master!
Must go faster! I have to hurry!
Please make it in time!
We should assign at least two Hashiras
to guard the Master.
Can't you do anything about that,
Himejima?
It is impossible.
Since I became a Hashira at nineteen,
I have been asking that for eight years,
but he refuses to listen.
He insists that the Hashiras
are too precious
and should not be used for
his personal protection alone.
It is quite troubling.
I heard that none of the heads of the
Ubuyashiki family have ever had guards.
Master!
Almost there!
It's the mansion!
It's all right! I'll make it in time!
I'll make—
Explosives!
And the overwhelming stench of
burning blood and flesh!
Ubuyashiki!
The look on his face!
Even with a serene, Buddha-like smile,
he blew himself, along with his wife
and children to pieces with explosives.
I was mistaken.
I measured that man, Ubuyashiki,
as an ordinary human,
but he was completely beyond the pale.
I expected some kind of trap,
but not to this extent.
The explosives were filled with tiny
caltrops to increase their lethality.
They were designed to delay
my regeneration as much as possible.
Which means, there's more to come.
Ubuyashiki must have another plan
in motion after this.
I sense people gathering here.
Probably the Hashiras.
But not them, it's something else.
That cunning man used himself as bait.
His rage and hatred toward me coiled
darkly in his heart like a serpent.
Hiding such murderous intent so well
at such a young age is astonishing.
Were his wife and children
aware of this plan?
No, I must not think about that now.
Stay calm.
My body will soon regenerate.
Seeds of flesh?
A Blood Demon Art!
I got caught.
Whose Blood Demon Art is this?
The thorns branched out within my flesh,
and it's hard to remove.
No problem.
There aren't that many.
I just need to absorb them.
Tamayo?! Why are you here?
This Blood Demon Art of thorns
belongs to the person
you turned into a demon in Asakusa.
She approached me using
a Demon Blood Art of concealment.
What is her goal?
What has she done?
Why is this woman here?
So you absorbed my fist, Muzan.
What do you think was inside my fist?
It's a medicine to turn demons
back into humans.
How is it?
Do you feel it taking effect?
No way such medicine exists!
I completed it.
The situation has greatly changed.
I couldn't have done it alone.
You're quite a persistent woman,
aren't you, Tamayo?
What an unreasonable grudge.
Who killed your husband and your child?
Was it me? No.
It was none other than yourself.
You killed and ate them.
Had I known that,
I would never have become a demon.
I said I didn't want to die
from my illness.
It's because I wanted to see
my child grow up!
After that, you continued to
kill many humans.
Was that just my imagination?
You looked like you were
enjoying eating them.
Yes, I did!
I killed many in my desperation!
And to atone for those sins,
I will die here with you!
Himejima! Now it's your turn!
Namu Amida Butsu!
The first time I met him,
the Master was fourteen,
and I was eighteen.
From his demeanor, it was hard to believe
that he was four years younger than me.
I know that you fought to protect others.
You are not a murderer.
He always offered exactly the words
people yearned to hear in that moment.
His solemnity never wavered from
the time we met until his death.
Within five days, Muzan will come.
Use me as bait and
take Muzan's head for me.
Why do you think he will come?
It is just intuition. No reason.
In addition to that distinctive voice,
the Ubuyashiki family had an
extraordinary sense of intuition.
Some called it foresight.
The ability to see the future.
This gift allowed them to amass great
wealth and avoid numerous crises.
The other children would never agree
to use me as bait.
I can only entrust this to you, Gyomei.
Understood.
If that is your wish, Master.
Thank you.
I just hope that no more of
my precious children have to die.
Just as the Master predicted.
This Muzan... This Man...
He doesn't die even if
you cut off his head.
I suppose the only thing that
can destroy Muzan is sunlight.
If cutting off his head
does not kill him,
your fight will be a battle of
endurance until sunrise.
Moreover, the speed of his
body's regeneration is fast.
Judging by the sound, it far surpasses
any demon I have faced before.
Even after he was blasted by Master
and weakened by our collaborator,
he still retains this much strength.
We must keep this monster restrained
in a place where the sunlight
can reach him until dawn.
Black Blood Brambles!
Stone Breathing, Third Form:
Stone Skin!
Was it you?!
What did you do to the Master?!
Master!
The Hashiras have assembled.
The Master's strategy is brilliant!
It is Muzan!
Muzan Kibutsuji is here!
He won't die even if you cut off his head!
He's...
So that's...
That man is...
That bastard...
It's Kibutsuji...
Muzan!
Mist Breathing, Fourth Form!
Insect Breathing, Butterfly Dance!
Serpent Breathing, First Form!
Love Breathing, Fifth Form!
Water Breathing, Third Form!
Wind Breathing, Seventh Form!
Hinokami Kagura:
Sunflower Thrust!
What the heck is happening?!
Hold on tight!
Tanjiro!
Do you think you've got me cornered?
You are all now going to Hell!
You demon hunters are an eyesore!
Tonight, I'm going to slaughter
every last one of you!
You're the one who's going to Hell,
Muzan!
I won't let you escape!
Do it if you can!
Tanjiro Kamado!
I'll defeat you for sure!
Muzan Kibutsuji!
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
The reason why it sounded like an excuse
A weakness that draws in a fleeting future
You mistake it for strength
So detestable, so detestable
So disgraceful, so disgraceful
The heart that is so bleak
So dark, so dark
That it almost hides the moon
If only you weren't here
It sways and sways
Carrying on its intentions
just like a flower
Taking it all away, taking it all away
It tears the heart just like a storm would
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
Who awaits there
I swallowed the fate
that has befallen upon me
I memorized all the names
that I carry on
With these burning feelings,
strong enough to inflame the heart
So detestable, so detestable
So disgraceful, so disgraceful
To the point it divides the world
Rage, rage
A burning heart
If only you weren't here
It sways and sways
Carrying on its intentions
just like a flower
Taking it all away, taking it all away
It tears the heart just like a storm would
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
The result of lending an ear
to a wailing ghost
All things reside within me
leading to my end
The weak one who entrusts
the infinity to others
The glow of life is timeless
The blinks of prayers in the setting sun
A thousand nights harbored
within yourself
These thoughts are imposed
It withers and withers
It tears a flower in the infinite night
It carries on, it carries on
It plants seeds in the storm
It sways and sways
Carrying on its intentions
just like a flower
Taking it all away, taking it all away
It tears the heart just like a storm would
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
Who awaits there
(Demon Slayer: Hashira Training Arc)
(The End)
This time I'll tell you about Kanroji.
What's this?
Telling about me?
Kanroji is very attractive.
She is a pretty lady.
But I believe you already know that.
That's why we're doing
Taisho period secret.
Kanroji was Rengoku's Tsuguko.
His training was so harsh,
so that everyone ran away.
But Kanroji didn't give up that easily.
Even though his training was harsh,
he was serious and full of passion.
I can imagine that.
If we're going to introduce every Hashira,
we should include Rengoku as well.
You're right!
Taisho period secret, again.
Rengoku was a cool big brother.
He trained and taught me a lot of things,
he also pampered me.
Besides, he used to eat a lot!
You know, the two of us ate
a big pot of sweet potato rice!
Wasshoi!
Was.. shoi!
It's a really wonderful memory.
Wow! I wish I could have had
sweet potato rice together with him.
That's nostalgic.
I remember it too.
Finally, the time to fight
Muzan Kibutsuji has come.
I'm counting on you guys.
Just now, Rengoku was there, right?
Yes.
It's not a dream, right?
Surely not.
Tanjiro!
Yes!
We must defeat Kibutsuji!
Yes, we will!
Definitely!